breakfast never get a chance to eat it
Monday to Friday but Saturday Sunday
however is the time when everyone should
have a proper breakfast my perfect first
scrambled egg sauteed mushrooms and
tomatoes the most important thing about
any scam when is stopping it from
overcooking to service going with egg
flat cap mushroom just keep them whole
and put them in the pan lots of olive
oil little bit of salt little bit of
pepper vine tomatoes best way of
roasting these is actually keeping on
the vine in the pan with the mushrooms
right just let those mushrooms martha's
sit there in the pan on a low heat and
they'll cook themselves and nothing
worse than going into a restaurant
having scrambled egg on toast and having
soggy toast this here is a sourdough
bread and the reason we're going to use
it for scrambled egg is because it's
strong robust and it's got a lovely
flavor to it but be quite generous when
you cut it because you don't want this
sort of little thin tight sort of fisted
slice of bread nice and thick chunky
bread into the toaster every time we get
a new cook in the kitchen wheels ask
them to make scrambled egg and if they
can make the perfect scrambled egg you
know they know how to cook properly
start off with three eggs now don't
season it because if you put the salt in
now what actually happens it breaks down
the eggs and it starts turning into
something sort of very watery so eggs in
the pan nice knob of butter and it's
really important to put the butter and
write the very beginning because what
that does it starts giving a really nice
velvety finish the scrambled egg and
then a simple spatula onto the heat you
never whisk the egg whisk it in the pan
because when you start sort of whisking
beforehand you're breaking it all down
you've got to break it down in the pan
but the secret behind the scrambled egg
is to start it on a nice sort of
generous heat take it off the heat go
back to the heat take it off the heat
now treat it like your risotto
you can't stop stirring it's live you've
got to really work at it now it's
starting to come together it's starting
to go a little bit thick I come back off
the heat and just let it work and just
do this three or four times back onto
the heat now if I had to season this now
it's still
turn into something quite watery and I
want a really nice sort of creamy
scrambled egg something quite fluffy
she's out my toast burning off the heat
damn damn damn gonna set the fire alarms
off that'll wake up the missus okay here
we go
put that back in so on and off the heat
right after the heat then as you can see
now look it's almost starting to sort of
you know continue cooking doesn't need
to go back on the stove because it's
actually continuing cooking because the
heat is in there that's where the heat
is so look if I had to leave that there
now it overcook but it's not going to
overcook because I'm gonna put half a
tablespoon of crème fraiche and what
that does now just makes it a little bit
cooler brings down the temperature the
eggs now I'm going to season it a little
bit of salt and then it's a little bit
of pepper just to finish that and we're
going to put a little touch of chives in
there and what that does it just lifts
the whole flavor of the scrambled egg
and just makes it a little bit more sexy
and you know sometimes you want to be
living Morris traveling you can put some
smoked salmon in there
I like brunch arts and then just fold
those chives in there we are the perfect
scrambled egg okay to serve it we're
ready to go on
on the vine tomatoes that's why we're
leaving on the vine you see because you
pick them out the pan like that sit them
on there I'm just going to drizzle a
sourdough bread with a little bit of
olive oil in there and then just pour
your scrambled eggs over the sourdough
bread and and there you go a perfect
scrambled egg I mean the most amazing
way of waking up the missus on a
Saturday or something morning so if you
want to be a good boyfriend upstairs now
and give it to her in bed the breakfast